We will follow test driven development methodology in this course.
This means we will write our test code before implementing the requirement.
Test Urban Development.
The TDD will be guiding us to clarify what we are implementing and how we are implementing it.
It is cycle of red green refactor phases.
In the red phase, we will be laying out the requirements with the test code we are writing.
There is no implementation for passing that test at that moment.
Then we implement the code that does the requirement.
We run the tests and see if our implementation is passing the test or not.
If we are passing, then we complete green phase.
Then for refactor phase, we can change our implementation until we satisfy without breaking existing
functionality.
These three steps are letting us to be aware what we are implementing to make sure that our new implementation
will not break our previous test and to write clean and reusable code.